.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii foo.1
.\"
.TH Tss2_TctiLdr_Finalize 3 "MARCH 2019" "TPM2 Software Stack"
.SH NAME
Tss2_TctiLdr_Finalize \- Function to finalize a TCTI context instantiated
by the Tss2_TctiLdr_Initialize function.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <tss2/tss2_tctildr.h>
.sp
.sp
.BI "TSS2_RC Tss2_TctiLdr_Finalize (TSS2_TCTI_CONTEXT " "**CONTEXT" ");"
.sp
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.BR  Tss2_TctiLdr_Finalize ()
function destroys an instance of a TCTI context instantiated by the
.BR Tss2_TctLdr_Initialize ()
function. It also frees any resources associated with loading the
required TCTI library.
.sp
The
.I context
parameter is a double pointer to a TCTI context. When successfully
finalized the provided reference will be set to NULL by the function.
.sp

.SH RETURN VALUE
This function returns no value.
.SH EXAMPLE
Example code.
.sp
.nf
#include <inttypes.h>
#include <stdlib.h>
#include <stdio.h>

#include <tss2/tss2_tctildr.h>

TSS2_TCTI_CONTEXT *ctx = NULL;
TSS2_RC rc = Tss2_TctiLdr_Initialize (NULL, NULL, &ctx);
if (rc != TSS2_RC_SUCCESS) {
    fprintf (stderr, "Initialization of default TCTI context failed with "
             "response code: 0x%" PRIx32 "\n", rc);
    exit (EXIT_FAILURE);
}

if (ctx != NULL)
    Tss2_TctiLdr_Finalize (&ctx);

exit (EXIT_SUCCESS);
.fi
.SH AUTHOR
TPM2 Software Project <https://github.com/tpm2-software/tpm2-tss>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR Tss2_Tcti_Device_Init (3),
.BR Tss2_Tcti_Socket_Init (3),
.BR Tss2_TctiLdr_Initialize (3),
.BR Tss2_TctiLdr_Finalize (3),
.BR tcti-device (7),
.BR tcti-socket (7),
.BR tcti-tabrmd (7),
.BR tpm2-abrmd (8)
.SH COLOPHON
This page is part of release 4.0.1-44-g8699ab39 of Open Source implementation of the
TCG TPM2 Software Stack (TSS2). A description of the project, information
about reporting bugs, and the latest version of this page can be found at
\%https://github.com/tpm2-software/tpm2-tss/.
